Replacing singularity with apptainer (WIP) (#243)
csc-training/csc-env-eff: _hands-on/singularity/singularity-tutorial_part1.md

    wget  https://a3s.fi/saren-2001659-pub/tutorial.sif
    ls -lh tutorial.sif
    ```

> 3. As you can see, the container is a single file. In this case, the container is very bare-bones, and thus quite small, about 50 MB. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. The file we downloaded is a container image. It contains all the software and data of the container in a single file. In this case, the container is very bare-bones, and thus quite small, about 50 MB. 
```

    - Actual application containers are typically larger, since they also contain the software installation, and may in some cases include some reference data, etc.

## Basic usage

💬 There are three basic ways to run software in an Apptainer container:

### Apptainer exec

> 1. To execute a command inside the container, the command is `singularity exec`.

Reviewer 2: pls change "singularity exec" to "apptainer exec"

    ```
3. You can see the actual script with command:
    ```bash
    apptainer inspect --runscript tutorial.sif
    ```

> ### Singularity shell

Reviewer 2: pls change heading to "Apptainer shell"

> ### Singularity shell

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Apptainer shell
```
